Heavy, how heavy?
Do you have any evidence?
There is no evidence to send someone to check
OK, I'll send you to check
Before you arrive
They've already set their consciences on fire
Everyone was killed and ran away
Why are these people so hateful?
In this world
The most hateful thing is the human heart
They'll do anything for money.
Then you can't either.
Eat wheat and rice bran for the victims
Is this the only way to save their lives?
Your Majesty, what do you say?
This Maeve and Mikan were both born
Profit is not high
What about these corrupt officials?
You don't risk losing your head
Go to the dream
But Maeve is not for people to eat
Can we still be considered human?
Pardon me?
I mean in this year of catastrophe
People who are about to starve to death, let alone Mifugan wheat chaff
They can eat bark and grass roots.
Even children are a lump of meat in their eyes
You think I have no humanity, don't you?
Yes
Ok ok ok you are loyal to me
You think I'm mediocre
The Qingming Festival is occupied by you
All the bad names in the world are up to me, okay?
You were a fool
Then I tell you
One catty of rice can be exchanged for three catties of rice resistance
Could have saved someone's life
It can save three people now.
What do you do instead?
Of course, it's just three people.
Didn't you make the same choice?
Governance
Dashan is ruthless
Country of Little Good
So?
You are still a good emperor